1. What is tensor?
This video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5liqUk0ZTw&feature=youtu.be
explains well.

Abby studies hard and gets good grades. However, her school is very strict in giving out grades.
For example, she gets 4 in her science class which is top of her class.
Her friend goes to a different school and that school tends to give better grades. She worries if she's in a worse position
when applying to colleges.

She wonders whether scores can be adjusted. For example, if the average score of her school is 4 and the average score for
the other school is 5. Then scores at her school can be multiplied by 1.25 before comparing to the scores of the other school.

She took these classes
year 1, cooking, philosophy, physical education
her scores for these classes:
3, 2, 4
year 2, arts, sciences, architecture
her scores: 4, 3, 4

of course, she could write these
3 * 1.25 = 3.75
2 * 1.25 = 2.5
4 * 1.25 = 5

A compact way to express this:
[3 2 4] * 1.25 = [3.75 2.5 5]

a compact way to store data.
different schools are often different in giving out grades. 
To assess student performance across schools, we need to adjust scores from school 1 to a higher grade.

Suppose we want to record more students' score in her school.
Suppose we want to record students' achievements in more schools.

When we access a student's score, we need to access this way:
Which school, Which student, which year, which subject

A good way to note down a group of numbers

You can think a tensor as a warehouse. 
You reach the section marked as "school 1", 
then the sub section of "Abby", 
then the sub section of "year 1",
then the subject "arts".

https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/learning-tensorflow/9781491978504/ch03.html
says "tensors are also a fancy name for n-dimensional arrays".


2. A tensor has a type and a shape
define a 2*3*4 tensor


3. Why write tensorflow code in two phases?
For parallel processing.
The two phases:
phase 1: construction. Or write a plan.
ingredients, operations
"Kale, carrots stir fry"
cut carrots
chop kale
olive oil, salt, water, cup
pot, chopstick
mince ginger
angel hair

phase 2: execution. run
have two sessions (cook stirfry, cook angel hair)
init - 
prepare carrots, kale
place olive oil, carrots in pot, turn on oven top
add kale
add a bit salt
boil water, cook angel hair
turn of oven top
cleanup
Remember the construction phase doesn't have any activitiy. You can put many stuff there. Some of them are not needed.


Q: the difference among constant, variable, placeholder
a variable needs init. 
"All node values are dropped between graph runs, except variable values which are maintained by the session across graph runs (queues and readers also maintain some state as we will see in Chapter 12). 
A variable starts its life when its initializer is run, and it ends when the session is closed."

Q: How do you design an interface to talk with MiniFlow?

Q: Why do we need a default session?
sess = tf.InteractiveSession()
 init.run()
 result = f.eval()

 sess.close()
 
Q: for interactive session
tf.reset_default_graph().



Q: Choose "VALID" or "SAME" as padding?
VALID:
SAME: pad with zeros

Q: normalize data first
